A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 1
[alarm clock beeps]
[ominous music plays]
[growls]
[bold music plays]
[slicing]
Okay, not too shabby.
[camera app clicking]
-[crashes]
-[panting]
-Shit! I'm so late.
-[Tatsu] Huh?
But it ain't time for you to leave yet.
[Miku gulps] I forgot I have
an important meeting today.
So sorry, honey. Gotta run!
Hey, wait! Your breakfast.
[Miku] See you later!
[Tatsu sighs]
Just like a bat out of hell.
Oh, well.
Now I've gotta start the laundry,
then go do some grocery shopping.
[meows]
Huh? Ah. Gotta feed you too.
Shit!
[dramatic music plays]
You forgot your lunch box!
I'm gonna ask one more time.
What's your occupation?
I'm a househusband.
[young cop] Mm-hmm.
Huh? Wait. You can't be!
The Immortal Dragon?
[bold music plays]
[old cop] That's a legendary yakuza
who's said to have single-handedly
smashed up ten of his rival clan's offices
in one night, completely unarmed.
He's called the Immortal Dragon.
But I heard that after that went down,
he suddenly vanished.
-[gasps]
-Hey, don't move!
GIGANTIC BONANZA SALE COUPON
Here, why don't you take these?
See you.
[old cop] Hold it,
you're not off the hook yet.
[Tatsu] Way of The Househusband.
[chuckles] This oughta be a cinch.
These'll sell out in no time.
[laughs] Plenty of suckers around here.
Ah, but these knives are really chintzy.
Ah.
[doorbell rings]
[Tatsu] Yeah?
My apologies for taking up
your precious time.
My name's Urita. And I…
[groans]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Urita gasps] Oh, uh, I…
Have I caught you at a bad time?
Huh? Oh, you mean this? No, no.
I've just been carving something up.
[thuds]
[Urita] I'm a damn professional.
I ain't gonna shit my pants that easily.
Actually, sir, uh,
I'd like to introduce you
to my company's fine products.
[Tatsu] Ah. Blades, huh?
Blades, yeah.
You gonna show me the goods, then?
Huh?
[Urita] Each and every one of these knives
were given delicate finishing touches
by skilled craftsmen,
and can easily slice…
through anything.
[Urita] Wow, this guy's got style.
[Tatsu] By the way,
I heard there's a scam
going down around here.
Folks getting ripped off,
being sold crap at jacked-up prices.
Mind if I try this?
[catches breath]
Okay. Sure.
[slicing]
[bold music playing]
[meat squelches]
[rinsing]
[rice cooker beeps]
[sizzling]
[Urita] What's this?
Hamburger steak plate.
[sighs happily]
-[gentle music playing]
-[birds chirping]
[Urita] This hamburger is nothing fancy
but it melts in the mouth
because of the fish paste he added.
It goes perfectly
with the lightly salted ketchup rice.
And the simple side dishes!
[sniffles]
This reminds me
of my hometown.
What am I even doing
stopping to have a meal?
I… I guess this goes
way beyond the knives.
[Tatsu] Mm-hmm.
[Urita] Oh, but this guy
scares the shit outta me.
I gotta go.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
-Get lost!
-[groans]
[inhales sharply] This turf
fucking belongs to Kunimi Group too.
Damn it.
[man] Since the boss disappeared,
I'm out in the cold.
Where the heck have you gone, Tatsu?
-[Tatsu] Seriously?!
-Oh?
A head of cabbage for just 100 yen?
Hell yeah!
[gasps]
[mysterious music plays]
-Boss!
-[Tatsu] I'll take the whole shipment.
-You sure know how to rob a guy, huh?
-Sorry?
-[young man] Boss!
-Huh?
Wha… Masa?
Oh, uh, here's my points card.
Where the hell
have you been all this time?
[panting] I've been looking
for you all over.
-[bottle machine clanking]
-It was total chaos
after you bailed on us like that.
Some of us got busted.
So the Shinzaki Group disbanded,
and anyone left went their own way.
Uh, why they hell'd you quit the yakuza?!
[ominous music plays]
Let's, uh, take a walk.
[grunts]
Okay, everyone. Today, we are going
to be making some cheese croquettes.
To start, we have to peel the potatoes.
[easy listening music playing]
[sizzling]
-[students] Ooh!
-[all applaud]
[Masa] Enough! I'm sick of this shit!
What the hell are you even doing?
Everyone is waiting
for the Immortal Dragon!
Are you an old lady now?
Frying fucking croquettes
and making "ooh" sounds?
-Masa…
-[all mutter]
-[Tatsu] I'm done with all that.
-[grunts softly]
I'm a househusband now.
I'm just protecting my turf
in my own special way.
TURF = FAMILY
You can't protect
what's sacred to you through violence.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
"You can't protect what's sacred to you
through violence," my ass!
What, have you gone soft?
[plate shatters]
-[crashing]
-[Masa groaning repeatedly]
That's violence!
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 4
[menacing music plays]
[Tatsu] The target has been identified.
I've confirmed the time and route.
Now I've just got to do it.
[man] You say you've seen
the Immortal Dragon?
Not me. A guy I know.
Man, a lot of people out there
still want to see him dead.
If that bastard's still alive,
who knows what'll--
-[groans and yells]
-[glass shatters]
Oh, hey. You're Kunimi, isn't that right?
The Immortal Dragon!
Ah, shit.
I don't have time to mess around here.
Oi! Get back here!
What was that, an attempted hit? Kill him!
[heavy metal music playing]
Crap, that place is gonna be packed!
Go head him off.
There! I've got him cornered.
-Get on that side!
-Huh?
[people shouting]
-Hey, you! Hold onto this!
-Whoa!
-[Tatsu] And you, hold these!
-[man groans]
You fucking idiots.
Standing there like a pair of mannequins!
It's just a sweatshirt, one pair of socks,
and one pair of gloves.
I didn't get nothing I was after.
You ain't little kids
running errands for Mom!
[yells]
[both] He's real pissed off.
Sales are a battlefield.
Being a househusband ain't no joke.
[both] Househusband?
You liar! You're not a househusband.
Who put you up to this, huh?
Hey, boss, not the piece.
[both grunting]
Glo… A pair of gloves?
Winter comes, and it's getting cold out.
[whimpers]
[nostalgic music plays]
If only we had more money,
I'd buy you a better pair.
[sighs] I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
Now, don't catch a chill.
[sobs] Mommy…
Boss, you okay?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 5
[Tatsu] My wife's a designer.
A hardworking career woman.
[gentle music playing]
And as you can see,
I'm a househusband.
My Sister Is Crazy? What the hell is this?
[clerk] A yakuza?
-[footsteps approaching]
-[gasps nervously]
Keep your mouth shut. No eye contact.
Uh…
Have you got a Blu-Ray box set
of Crimecatch Policure?
Uh… Poli…
[Policure theme song plays]
Yes, certainly, sir,
and we have plenty in stock.
By the way, which season
of Policure would you like?
And which version of the Blu-Ray box set?
Because there are three versions
of the Blu-Ray box set,
which is an easy mistake to make,
and in my personal opinion,
I would recommend the second season
and the second version
of the Blu-Ray Policure.
That's because the animation director
and script writer of the second season
also worked on the highly-acclaimed
theatrical version.
Oh, and this is
just a bit of geeky information,
but the director of Policure tried
taking a boys' manga approach
for the whole series, and that really made
the series worth watching.
It's highly innovative.
-[slaps]
-[grunts] Here's the money.
Just bring me the goods, pronto.
I have my own bag.
And can I have a points card?
[Tatsu] And now…
[sighs] I'm worn out.
Huh? [exclaims in surprise]
You startled me. Hey? What?
[metal detector beeping]
What are you doing?
-Come in.
-What is up?
[gong rings]
What the hell's all this?
[clears throat]
[singing out of tune]
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear Miku ♪
[Miku] My face.
What's all this about?
[Tatsu] And this…
is my offering to you!
Oh, uh, a present for me? What is it?
No way! This is Policure!
You really went out
and bought this for me?
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
Oh, thank you. That's so sweet.
[chuckles]
Uh… [chuckles] Well, um, I love it.
And this really doesn't matter at all,
but I've already got this one.
[echoing] …got this one. …got this one.
I must pay!
[screams]
-[Miku grunts]
-[groans]
-[glass shatters]
CONGRATULATIONS
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 6: GIN'S WALK 1
Gin, I gotta step out
and go grocery shopping.
Guard the house for me, will ya?
[door opens and closes]
[Gin strains]
[latch clicks]
[playful music plays]
[Gin humming melodically]
[ant] It's staring at us.
[Gin] Do you eat grasshoppers?
[ant] Uh, well, yes.
-[Gin] Hey, why don't you come down here?
-[bird] That would be impossible.
-Come play with me.
-[frog] Huh! Yeah, right.
-[hissing]
-Gee, sorry.
Wow, this house is huge. Hmm?
[ominous music plays]
ELIZABETH
[Gin] Hey, uh, what happened to you?
[Elizabeth] None of your business!
Leave me alone, would ya?
[Gin] Oh, you're a girl.
Are you sure you're okay? What'd you do?
[Elizabeth] I don't know.
For some reason, I can't move.
Last thing I knew I was
happily chasing a butterfly.
[Gin] A butterfly?
Well, look, your leash
is all tangled up around the house.
-Oh.
-[Gin] Go back that way.
And around here.
[leash snaps]
-[Gin] Oh, my.
-Don't "Oh, my" me!
Mm.
"Elizabeth"?
[laughs]
[Elizabeth] What? Are you laughing at me?
-[laughs]
-Hey!
All right.
Well then, I guess I'll head back home.
No. No! You can't leave me like this.
[closing theme music playing]